By clicking on the links in the navbar, the background effect will confirm to the user which tab has been selected. 
All tabs can be independently accessed without having to go back to the HOME tab. 
Footer social links will open in a new tab using 'target="_blank". 
All links have been manually tested to ensure that they are pointing to the correct destination.

-This site was tested across multiple browsers (Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, FireFox) and on multiple mobile devices (iPhone 4, 5, 7: Chrome and Safari, iPad, Samsung Galaxy) 
to ensure compatibility and responsiveness. 
In addition, the site  was tested via  http://ami.responsivedesign.is/ to review how the project looks and works on different screen sizes.

 * **REGISTER** 
I've created my own account, and 3 other accounts to confirm that the authentication and validation for creating account worked as expected.

* **LOG IN AND LOG OUT** * Logging To An Existing Account
The accounts created were tested by attempting log in and out. No issues found or expected. Using a non-existing user or incorrect password yield errors. Django messages confirmed
the user if attempts to log in/out were successful.

* **Add | View | Edit | Delete a Service**
I've created 3 services (loaded from the json file) and 1 test service created directly from the admin account in order to:
Show the application functionality.
Tested grid/list view btn and search database.
The data validation in the add service form is solid and only accepts input in the correct format.
    * Services has been modified in several ocassion to test the functionality of updating/deleting a service to the 2 database (local and for deployment) and for a user-friendly display. 
Tested edit and delete service buttons are available for the admin of the services, and hidden for non-site admin. 
To prevent admin from deleting aservice card by mistake modal checks were added. When the delete button is pressed, a modal asks the admin to confirm deletion. 
if the admin selects cancel, they are taken back to all the services tab.
     
* **Add | View | Edit | Delete a Portfolios**
I've created 1 porfolio (loaded from the json file) and edited/deleted via the admin in order to:
Show the application functionality.
Porfolio displaying 6 cards for page and then their respective portfolio slides. 
Portafolio images uploaded via the Portafolio database json. Solved issue getting a DeserializationError when trying to load data from JSON to DB.
Portafolio json file loaded, registered within the Admin view, model, url and view implemented for automatization and code reduction.
Portafolio detail slider view and url also implemented for automatization and code reduction.
Portafolio full page vertical slider implemented with bootstrap instead of horizontal customized to fit between the NAV or footer.
Tested the different carrousel for review and portfolio. Including the prev and next pagination buttons.

* **Connect form and checking out shop form**
- About contact form implemented. Connected with Email.js. Difficulties implementing the code as the tutorial from the course is not updated. Load.gif was achieve using }{% static%}
- The data validation in both forms are solid and only accepts input in the correct format.

**Known Issues pending to address**
- Portfolios
For the purpose of this exercise i did not add all the 27 images to the slider as it was getting to long. 
Considering to swap for a scroll bar to be discussed with client.

- Service 
Services images used if conditioned to search for image in media folder, url_link or non-available image. Implemented code across all apps.
Discovered instrinsice property When images are uploaded from url-link which lowers the resolution of the image. For this reason prefered chooice to upload images from Media Folder.
Datepicker database should be implemented to avoid other clients booking on occupied timeslots.
Amend datepicker from the shopping bag needs to be implemented.
Removing item from the shopping bag needs a modal to prevent user to delete this by mistake.
Images from S3 not loading - For fixing this unknown error, my mentor Guido guided me and together we solved the issue using 2 different approachs. 
Finally we choose the solution best fitting the documentation for S3.

- Bag view
Add to bag view improved. Implemented if/else logic for adding a service without duplicating date selection during session(bag shop) and preventing same service double purchase error.
Fixed issue generated by targetting wrong element via javascript.
Bag shopping elements code improved by splitting all the bag form elements into small html files components.
Bag views depending on desktop/mobile screen size using dnone to hide/show.

-Profile / Checkout
Default full name pending to pull information from profile when user logged in during purchase. 

-Admin
Possibility to add, edit and delete portafolio needs to be added to the admin tab.

-Deployment
The following error was observed during heroku deployment via S3: expected str, bytes or os.PathLike object, not ImageFieldFile. 
First solution was achieved with help of mentor by using the following code to pull images from the models {% static '' %}{{ file image name }}. 
On a second approach those set of images were move from the static folder to the media folder both in gitpod and s3 and pulled {{ MEDIA_URL}}{{ file image name }}.

***User experience ***
Tabs and sections with interesting bugs or problems discovered during testing and addressed:
- Images size were uploaded in different sizes and responsiveness was out of proportion. Improved image resolution and responsiveness.
- Colors styling to match mobile and desktop view after test-user feedback. 
- Homogenized colors for primary/secondary btns across different tabs and for nav. 
- Nav and Mobile-Top-header invading the main div in small screen sizes. Corrected via media queries.
- Nav active feature implemented with if statement with the help of mentor.
- About section: Remove materialized code and implemented bootsrap slider for about me, reviews and portafolio.
- About landing image fitted as hero-img css.
- About me section implemented as per client's feedback.
- Services grid/list implemented from online example when client want to add more products/services.
- Service json files added rating feature from the terminal to text how to do it. 
- Service detail card original layout restyled as per UX design received feedback.
- Quantity btn resize for small screen using media queries.
- Implemented datepicker function using boostrap instead of materialize and connect with backend.
- Shopping bag restyle as per test user feedback for user friendlyness.






